I am an unemployed graduate of mechanical engineering from Michael Okpara University of Agriculture Umudike Nigeria. Due to the corrupt and inept leadership Nigeria a country with vast oil wealth has not been able to fulfill her potentials. Nigeria is hugely dependent on crude oil exports without any processing and refining capability, this coupled with the current crash in oil prices has lead to our present economic woes. There is a dearth of industries and a general lack of meaningful employment for university graduates. Meanwhile our numerous and severely underfunded universities keep churning out graduates year after year into an endless stream of unemployed and malcontent youths. this has lead to a rise in social vices such as militancy, armed robbery and internet scam. the few available jobs are in the control of politicians and those who are well connected in high places this makes it almost impossible for the ordinary man to make a living. although tech is a rising sector of the economy in my country the cost of acquiring the necessary skill set from the local private institutions is high. This makes MOOC platforms like coursera a place of last resort for unemployed people like me who are looking for means of acquiring the skill set required for joining this emerging sector.

General
I am a self thought programmer who is trying to explore the traditional paths and gain prerequisite knowledge required for a highly successful IT career. Taking this course will enable me gain in depth understanding of the fundamental algorithms that drive the most powerful machine learning systems, giving me the ability to mold and shape them to fit my own purpose. It will also enable to me leverage the wonderful resources of world class institutions and instructors like those provided by this course and to learn from world class tutors. A certificate from a prestigious institution such as these will place me above the crowd when searching for jobs and will be bright feather in my cap of certifications. As a none computer science major the knowledge obtain from this course will bridge the gap in knowledge between me and those who majored in computer science. This course will lay the foundation for me build on and improve on my it skills. Successful completion of this certification will go along way in removing any trace of impostor syndrome that I may feel coming into the world of it from a non-traditional background.

Google
I am a self thought programmer who is trying to explore the traditional paths and gain prerequisite knowledge required for a highly successful IT career. Taking this course will enable me gain in-depth understanding of the computer systems an how to write codes that drive them and automate tasks in this systems, giving me the ability to mold and shape them to fit my own purpose. it will also enable me leverage the wonderful resources of world class institutions such as the Google and to learn from world class tutors. A certificate from a company like Google will place above the crowd when searching for jobs and will be bright feather in my cap of certifications. As a none computer science major the knowledge obtain from this course will bridge the gap in knowledge between me and those who majored in computer science. This course will lay the foundation for me build on and improve on my it skills. Successful completion of this certification will go along way in removing any trace of impostor syndrome that I may feel coming into the world of it from a non-traditional background.

I am currently unemployed an when thanks to this course I am gainfully employed I would be extremely grateful to make substantial donations to this platform.